Prefetcher:
We implemented a prefetch input queue for the imem using the first come first serve model as referenced here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prefetch_input_queue. 
Without the prefetcher, the pipeline will stall until memory is ready.
This prefetcher has an instruction queue that holds instructions, up to 8, that memory returned if the pipeline is stalled.
The PC queue keeps track of these memory requests so that the correct PC can be matched with the correct instruction when later returned.
The discard counter keeps track of the memory requests that belong to the incorrect path to flush the correct number of instructions.
If if_flush, the instruction and PC queues are cleared, and the discard counter is set to current request_count.
The driving signals are: 
queue_push signals to save the PC in the queue so imem can return the corresponding instruction when it does.
queue_pop signals that the pipeline is not stalled so pop oldest instruction.
response_to_buffer signals that memory responded but the pipeline is stalled, so put instruction in instruction queue
response_to_output singals that memory responded and pipeline is ready so go to decode.
For the benchmark CPI, originally it was 7.42 and this made it 6.75.

Associativity (and cache):
We increased associativity to 4 way, and hence reduced to 16 sets. It uses true LRU, which was done with a 2 bit age counter with 0 being MRU.
When a way is accessed, its age is set to 0 and all other ways younger than the accessed way increment their age by 1.
Instead of 2, there also now 4 data arrays, tag arrays, and valid bit vectors. 
The FSM logic is the same as the 2 way cache, only with a modification to write through stage:
instead of stalling the CPU and waiting for memory to write, cache attempts to write to memory at the end of REFILL and goes to IDLE, 
and wt_pending will write it later if memory isn't ready.
For the benchmark CPI, originally it was 6.75 and this made it 6.67.

Improved branch predictor (if the HDL works and is in final submission):
Designs stolen/heavily inspired by: https://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/academic/class/15740-s18/www/lectures/16-branch-prediction.pdf
We attempted to improve the branch prediction by implementing a:
    - Branch History Table (BHT) to keep track of whether a given PC is strongly taken, weakly taken, weakly not taken, or strongly not taken by using a saturating 2-bit counter.
      We use this to improve branch prediction by hoping that specific instructions (like instructions at loops) are likey to jump or not.
      This BHT uses a direct-mapped cache by indexing the bits of PC[13:2].
    - Branch Target Buffer (BTB) to keep track of where the jump or branch of a given PC will go, to reduce the amount of fetching required.
      This enables us to save cycles waiting on decoding the instructione.
      This BTB modifies the two-way set-associative cache used for Phase 6 and 7 (no not meme)
    - Return Address Stack (RAS) to keep track of returns addresses, which saves us cycles waiting on decoding the instructione.
      According to the CMU source, it is much more accurate than BTBs, but the person writing this (Aidan) hasn't taken the time to figure this out.
For the benchmark CPI, originally it was 6.67 and this made it [insert value of most recent run because this is a rush job].
 
